feat(perf-issues): General documentation updates for Performance Issues (#5632)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/includes/only-error-issues-note.mdx

<Note>

> This feature is only applicable to error issues. Other categories of issues (e.g., Performance Issues) do not support this feature.

Reviewer: Oh making this an include is a good idea. I'll adopt this for my PR when I get back! I suggest the following edit:
```suggestion
This feature is only applicable for [error issues](/product/issues/#error-issues/). Other categories of issues (e.g., Performance Issues) do not support this feature.
```

Author: Makes sense, thanks!

> </Note>

Reviewer: Oh this is a good idea. I'll adopt this for my PR when I get back!
